Jebus Holy Notes are good, you can hit em
If you hit the normal notes you will die 
You can turn off the shaders in the options, dumbass
Jesus is actually based on our Jebus
Jebus sword is made of cardboard
Auditor cum is black
Tip: if you lose to tricky, your pc fucking explodes
If you are asian this mod will be easy for you
Sometimes madness isnt the option
Tip: There is no tip, im inside your walls
This is a loading screen
Hank is actually a femboy
Fun fact: Sanford never had a threesome
If youre having trouble beating the mod, just dont play it
The "J" in "Hank J Wimbleton" stands for Motherfucker
Tiki
Fun fact!: tricky smacked Jebus across the face with his monster cock once, not kidding look it up
Attention A.A.H.W, Maybe if you actually killed Hank, Youd finally get some bitches on yo dick
Fun Fact: Jebus and Hank Ships Actually Exists
SCRAPE FACE HAS A SCRAPE ASS
Fun fact: Krinkles is actually the reincarnation of Jesus Christ
Everyone in the madness combat series has no genitals
Fun fact: Krinkles is god", "Racecar spelled backwards is Racecar
If youre having trouble, try getting good
Fun fact: Tricky gets more bitches than you
Tip: if you cant beat anger of god on easy, God save your soul
Fun fact: Scrapeass watches conjoined twin hentai
Fun fact: 301.332.29.110 
There is only glory after pain
Carno el mejor musico del madness
IS TIME TO MADNESS
Tip for Noquis: mom must not find the sock, try hiding it in the laundry room cabinet
if quizzes are quizzical then what are tests?
Fun fact: Dexplication GF sprite is just a Community Games bait
tip: licking doorknobs is illegal on other planets
Throughout Purgatory and nevada, I alone am the madness one
hank mugshot", "Fun fact: Hank threw it back in Expurgation
Fun fact: Sheriff did mewing
Fun Fact: Tortures dick is proportionately extremely small
The pain never stops
jesnar is angry, feed him with some blood
December 2022
Fun fact: a bee can make only 1/12 of spoonful honey in its entire life
Have you considered sucking less?
Fun fact: i know where you live
Dont struggle let the madness consume
Sanford is like leatherface considering he carries a meathook around
Fun fact: Hanks canonical favourite word is :  CLOWN
This is the official Week 8
Tip: this isnt exe, pippy or any creepypasta shit this is madness
I know you saw that picture of female auditor, we all have, and I know what your intentions were with that image
Protip: to skip a level do Alt+F4
White Hanks gender is violence", "sheesh
Fun fact: pointing at someone is offensive in Nevada. However the romps dont give a shit
Hankussy
Press the arrows
The janitor is the hardest worker yet, in Nevada
Fun Fact: Hank likes hotdogs", "Fun Fact: Sheriff has crush on Jebus
Rich is the reincarnation of Arthur Morgan
Tip: go touch grass pls
Tip: ima gonna eat potato with mushrooms with the tomatos
sex update was suppose to be a thing..
Tip: just do what comes natural
All the devs are dead 
whats nine plus ten?
Tip: get your dirty ass to the shower
Have you found all secret pebbles in the game? theres around 25.0000 if you click them all youll get a 5$ subway card
Fun fact: people die when they are killed
The cake is a lie
Fun fact: Jebus spent 50k on hanks only fans
Fun cat: Rogelio
Tip: just parry
Fun fact: Hank haves Gyatt
Tip: Turn on the screen
Tip: Sanford needs more bullets
Deimos canonically has a cardboard cut out of himself always on him (actually canon dont ask me)
Fun fact: Found you. Theres no escape.
Hank started it all...
Se creen muy vergas los de la AAHW solo porque me papearon 5 veces
The 1corekiller, a celestial being known as the angel of God, experienced an apotheosis of divine power, leading to a profound catharsis.
A los del madness los quiero MATAR
Fun fact: Trickys stop sign has bones in it
Si esto te hace feliz teeth.....
Tip: you should love yourself, now (optional)
Tip: never gona give You up
Fun fact: Dadness is real and it will find its way to you
We didnt need to add this loading screen, we just did it to add these bullshit lines of tips and fun facts
Look at me Hector 
We know what you did
Tip: wanna break from the adds
Hola gamer juguemos league of legends
Tutorial como follar como McLovin
So youre sayin were some kinda Madness Combat
Se que a veces peleamos , pero que rico cuando chingamos
Fun fact: i dont know where Nevada is located
Tip: to access hanks secret purple and cyan tmnt shirt search sonic inflation on google
Fun fact: When Krinkels was animating Madness Combat he had a rule of only using 34 frames, for more information just search Madness Rule 34
Stand proud Hank you are strong
Tip: Proba instalandolo denuevo
Proip: Do 10 pushups every time you lose
Fun fact: hank knows how to make a banger grilled cheese
Fun fact: Two steps ahead. I am always two steps ahead. This has been the greatest social experiment Ive come to know...
Fun fact: Nevada has severe inflation, to know more Google madness combat inflation
YOU FOUND A SECRET!! to unlock this secret send to one of the devs photos of your credit card from both sides
Pro tip: My name is Walter Hartwell White. I live at 308 Negra Arroyo Lane, Albuquerque, New Mexico, 87104. This is my confession
tip: check your mail box", "Tip: Freddy always approaches from the right
7 Palabras M A D N E S S
HOLA SOY TRICKY Y JULIAN ES PUTO HAAAAAAAAAAAAANK
Fun fact: This mod had a longer delay than cyberpunk 2077
Fun fact: you cant kill clown. Clown kills you
Fun fact: In reality, the A.A.H.W. He wants to take down Hank because he is a tax evader
Fun fact: Krinkels said the A.A.H.W would throw a pizza party if they permanently killed Hank
Tip: run
Fun fact: Im coming for you
M A D N E S S I N B I O
Fun fact: hank is baldie
Hank was grunt before
Tip: Did you pray today?